This is the last fanfiction you are reading. This is still on YouTube even though it is Not Safe For Work. I will respond to the story, of course.

0:08 Cold Winter days are better.

0:45 Why can Zelda not just clean her own room then?

0:50 That is not shocking.

1:00 "Captain, there is degeneracy incoming! What do we do?" "Destroy it Data."

1:06 We all know why boys are randomly banned from her room... Also, how horny must Link be with Zelda?

1:11 Link fucked Zelda quite a lot...

1:19 Oh yay, this video is censored. Given that the rest of your videos are not this way, I feel like this belongs on a different website.

1:23 Yep, you are a lolicon. However, it is worse because Zelda and you exist in the same universe. It is not the case of a random user in real life being attracted to dots on a screen.

1:34 Wow, of course she likes the reader (which is you) even though she knows nothing about you at all.

1:50 Ha!

1:56 Let me sum up this chapter. You fuck Zelda until she passes out, Link discovers the scene in horror, and you kicks Link. That is literally what happens.

2:20 Yeah, I bet being a complete pervert felt really good.

2:35 Yes, pluralize God's name for some reason. Oh, and of course she is even more turned on by you.

2:43 Yeah, apparently you can thrust back and forth at more than 299,792,458 meters per second. Yeah, I know it is a hyperbole, but I can still point out how nonsensical it is. I am pretty sure Zelda and you would die from the extreme change in velocity and acceleration.

2:49 Yes, apparently, it is possible for a guy's testicles to produce that much semen.

2:55 HA!

3:03 That is what we call "rape," which is when you fuck somebody without their permission. It can happen to both genders, and it is worse for males due to the lack of respect they get if they are a victim of rape.

3:20 Yeah, Zelda being a whore is something to downplay.

3:45 You only did one hole. When did you do the other hole?

3:57 Oh yay, you were a virgin. In my opinion, stay a virgin unless you want to have kids. After all, the purpose of sex is to reproduce. Also, what a coincidence that Zelda was your crush.

4:06 Hot? HOT?! Yay, a typo, and since this is an audio reading, it is very discerning.

4:09 Yay, Mario returns. Also, "worst" is an understatement. I mean, for all I know, you could be forced to watch Boku No Pico, which is just fucking awful. No, it is not because it is a shotacon. It is because of other bad qualities, like the characters and voice acting.

4:12 Yep, but there is also even less story in this fanfiction that "Toon Zelda X Reader."

4:17 I am pretty sure they did not, though I could be wrong.

4:22 That is true. Not every Zelda fan is into pornography, especially when being addicted to it is very dangerous to the human brain.

4:26 Link is not a likeable character in this story, and it sucks because Link is good character. In fact, he an iconic character in The Legend Of Zelda.

4:30 This is the last one. Oh, and after this video, Mario's character seemed to been changed so that he is a bit more like his Nintendo counterpart.

This fanfiction is not the worst thing to ever exist, but it is lolicon. so it will throw a good chunk of people off. I will give it a 71%.

Okay, at least the music is correctly balanced. Plus, you provided an uncensored link so we know what was censored. Next time, keep stuff like this off of YouTube. I will give your reading a 74%.